35 tests, 225 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Status	Test	Message
passed	testFunctionArgumentNames	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionBind	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionCurry	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionDelay	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionWrap	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionDefer	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFunctionMethodize	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectExtend	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToQueryString	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectClone	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectInspect	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToJSON	19 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectToHTML	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsArray	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsHash	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsElement	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsFunction	9 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsString	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsNumber	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testObjectIsUndefined	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testDoesntExtendObjectPrototype	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testPeriodicalExecuterStop	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBindAsEventListener	40 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testDateToJSON	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testRegExpEscape	25 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBrowserDetection	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Info: User agent string is: Mozilla/5.0 (X11; U; Linux i686; en-US; rv:1.9.0.3) Gecko/2008092510 Ubuntu/8.04 (hardy) Firefox/3.0.3
Info: Running on Gecko
passed	testClassCreate	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassInstantiation	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInheritance	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSuperclassMethodCall	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassAddMethods	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testBaseClassWithMixin	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSubclassWithMixin	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSubclassWithMixins	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testClassWithToStringAndValueOfMethods	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors