25 tests, 253 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors
Status	Test	Message
passed	testDollarFunction	7 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testGetElementsByClassName	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInsertWithTR	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdate	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateWithScript	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTableRow	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTableCell	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUpdateInTable	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSelectorMethod	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementClassNameMethod	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementAncestors	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementDescendants	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementPreviousSiblings	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementNextSiblings	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSiblings	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementUp	8 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementDown	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementPrevious	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementNext	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementInspect	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementMakeClipping	15 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementExtend	151 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementCleanWhitespace	9 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testElementSetStyle	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
failed	testElementGetStyle	7 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors
Failure: assertNotNull