23 tests, 67 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
Status	Test	Message
passed	testEachBreak	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testEachContinue	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testEachChaining	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testAny	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testAll	6 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testCollect	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testDetect	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testEachSlice	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testEachWithIndex	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testFindAll	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testGrep	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInclude	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInGroupsOf	10 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInject	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testInvoke	5 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testMax	4 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testMin	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testPartition	3 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testPluck	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testReject	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testSortBy	1 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testToArray	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors
passed	testZip	2 assertions, 0 failures, 0 errors